Questions and Hypotheses

1. My primary hypothesis is that mass adoption of ultra-mobile PCs will not happen till customer hardware requirements are figured out.  Currently, the best ultra-mobile PC battery life is [14 hours](http://www.netbookreviews.net/asus/eee-pc-1005pe-review/) from the Eee PC 1005PE made by Netbook specialists ASUS.  That is not long enough to allow it to be on all day without charging.  Without hardware providing both the performance necessary to run today's cloud applications and the inter-charge life expectancy to rival todays smart phones, Netbooks will remain a niche product unless their price alone can be made compelling enough that people accept the performance hit and begin to use them as their sole PC.

2. A second hypothesis is that Netbooks and traditional Notebook PCs are comparable in the use of cloud services while they are unfavorably comparable in their performance for traditional desktop usage.  In other words, when using a cloud service, Notebooks and Netbooks will be just as performant, while doing the same operations locally will produce a marked difference in performance.  This could be proven by testing various cloud services and doing the same operations locally.  A video could be encoded an a Notebook, a Netbook, and through both on a service such as Vimeo or YouTube.  Time to completion could be tested. Similarly, a large spreadsheet could be constructed on the 2 devices and then on Google Docs, and performance could be compared.

3. My third hypothesis is that many people believe they use more of their computer than they actually do.  At this point I would have to measure in some way what demands normal uses makes on a CPU and how that performance differs between Netbooks and Notebooks.  I could use the System Requirements from a variety of popular software, for instance, to get general benchmarks for what Systems are required to provide hardware-wise at this point.  The essential argument from many Netbook makers is that if you're primary use of the computer is browsing the Web, writing and receiving e-mail, and preparing documents and presentations in an office suite, then a Netbook will provide all the computing performance you need.  I would like to investigate the validity of this point.

4. One question that I would like to answer during this project is whether consideration surrounding privacy affect peoples' opinion of cloud services at this point or whether most people comfortable with a corporation housing and protecting their private data.  I imagine that most people who grew up on the Internet would have a lack of a sense of privacy and so would not mind giving that data away to be held by someone else that they have no direct control over.  This would seem to be born out by the heavy use of services like Facebook to store much of our private information.  I would also expect the answers to this question to be stratified across generations, with the older generations being more likely to not trust a service with any of their data.

5. Finally, my last question would be, what are the problems with today's hardware offerings that are generally identified by the computing public.  I would like to ask this question both about Netbook PC offerings as well as Notebooks.  This question interests me because it would directly affect the Paper Netbook that I'm hoping to design for my project.  I would expect there to be a nexus of issues that most people agree on regarding what they want from a mobile PC and what they can currently have.
